chore(self-hosted): use politically neutral wording (#17704)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/self-hosted/troubleshooting/kafka.mdx

Unlike the proper solution, this involves resetting the offsets of all consumer groups and all topics.

#### Hard recovery

<Alert level="warning" title="Warning">

>   The _hard recovery_ is to remove all Kafka-related volumes and recreate them. **This will cause data loss.** You'll lose any unprocessed events from the last 24 hours. Events that have already been processed and persisted in ClickHouse will remain safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When all other options have failed, your best option is to remove all Kafka-related volumes and recreate them. **This will cause data loss.** You'll lose any unprocessed events from the last 24 hours. Events that have already been processed and persisted in ClickHouse will remain safe.
```
I don't know that we need to use the term outside of the header.
